README.md, before:

# Data-Science<br>
This repository mostly contains tabular data analysis.
Here, ML techniques `Only` to analyze and modelling is utilized,
`It should not be taken as production ready code.` 

### This repository is divided in given sections.

**1. Supervised machine learning**

    This section contains Supervised machine learning techniques.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Linear Regression_fs-1](Supervised_ML/Linear_Regression-fs-1.ipynb) | Demonstate basic linear regression on arbritrary data | Simple linear regression is demonstrated on random generated data, however this data doesn't mimic actual one. |
| [Linear Regression Car Resell Price Prediction](Supervised_ML/Linear_regression_Car_Resell_Price_Prediction.ipynb) | Predict Car Resell price with given features of Car | Use linear regression with relaxing the assumptions required to use linear regression, Use standard Scaler to scale the data for efficient model training |
| [Multiple Linear Regression without Scaling](Supervised_ML/Multiple_Linear_Regression_with_Sklearn.ipynb) | Use linear regression to predict GPA based on SAT Score and a random feature, and check whether this feature is useful or not | Use linear regression and find P-values of both features. |
| [Multiple Linear Regression with Standard Scaler](Supervised_ML/Multiple_linear_regression_with_standardization.ipynb) | Use Standard scaler to Train model on GPA_SAT dataset | Use Standard Scaler to transform the data into scaled one. |
| [Underfitting and Overfitting](Supervised_ML/OF_UF_explained_with_Polynominal_regression.ipynb) | Demonstrate underfitting and overfitting and methods to rectify. | Use food classification dataset and avoid overfitting with upsampling. Use Weather dataset to and avoid underfitting with polynominal regression. |
| [SVM Classifier](Supervised_ML/Support_Vector_Machine_Algorithms.ipynb) | Use SVM Classifier | Build a SVM to identify each of a large number of black-and-white rectangular pixel display as one of the 26 capital letters in the English alphabet.|
| [Logistic Regression](Supervised_ML/Logistic_Regression.ipynb) | abc | abc |
| [Pima Indian Diabetes with Logistic Regression](Supervised_ML/Pima_Indians_diabetes_logistic_regression_&_Naive_bayes_model.ipynb) | abc | abc |
| [PCA Logistic Regression](Supervised_ML/PCA_logistic_regression.ipynb) | abc | abc |
| [K means](Supervised_ML/K-Means.ipynb) | abc | abc |
| [K means-Market Segmentation](Supervised_ML/KMeans_Market_Segmentation_Example.ipynb) | abc | abc |
| [Ensemble Techniques](Supervised_ML/Ensemble_Techniques.ipynb) | abc | abc |

**2. Unsupervised machine learning**

    This section contains Unsupervised machine learning techniques.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Hiearchical Clustering- Customer Spend Data](Unsupervised_ML/Hiearchical_Clustering-Customer_Spend_Data.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |
| [KNN-Breast Cancer](Unsupervised_ML/KNN-Breast_Cancer.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |

**3. Deep Learning**

    This section contains Deep learning techniques for tabular data.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Basic Neural Network](DeepML/Basic_Neural_Network.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |

**4. Library Tutorials**

    This section tips and tricks of various Libraries.

| File | Description |
| :--- | :--------- |
| [MATPLOTLIB](library_tutorials/matplotlib_&_seaborn/MATPLOTLIB.ipynb) | abc |
| [Seaborn](library_tutorials/matplotlib_&_seaborn/Seaborn_Practice_File.ipynb) | abc |
| [Data Visualization with Pandas](library_tutorials/pandas_demo/DATA_VISUALIZATION_WITH_PANDAS.ipynb) | abc |
| [DateTime Practice with Pandas](library_tutorials/pandas_demo/Datetime_Practice.ipynb) | abc |
| [SCIPY](library_tutorials/scipy_demo/SCIPY.ipynb) | abc |
| [SkLearn](library_tutorials/Scikit_learn_demo) | abc |

**5. Other tools**

    This section contains unsorted machine learning techniques.

| File | Description |
| :--- | :--------- |
| [Hyperparameter tuning & Pipeline with sklearn](Other_tools/Hyperparameter_Tuning_with_Cross-Validation_and_Pipelines.ipynb) | abc |

Commit message:

add comments and ipynb files and update readme.md

README.md, after:

# Data-Science<br>
This repository mostly contains tabular data analysis.
Here, ML techniques `Only` to analyze and modelling is utilized,
`These files are prepared only to explain a chunk of technique in given problem statement` 

### This repository is divided in given sections.

**1. Supervised machine learning**

    This section contains Supervised machine learning techniques.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Linear Regression_fs-1](Supervised_ML/Linear_Regression-fs-1.ipynb) | Demonstate basic linear regression on arbritrary data | Simple linear regression is demonstrated on random generated data, however this data doesn't mimic actual one. |
| [Linear Regression Car Resell Price Prediction](Supervised_ML/Linear_regression_Car_Resell_Price_Prediction.ipynb) | Predict Car Resell price with given features of Car | Use linear regression with relaxing the assumptions required to use linear regression, Use standard Scaler to scale the data for efficient model training |
| [Multiple Linear Regression without Scaling](Supervised_ML/Multiple_Linear_Regression_with_Sklearn.ipynb) | Use linear regression to predict GPA based on SAT Score and a random feature, and check whether this feature is useful or not | Use linear regression and find P-values of both features. |
| [Multiple Linear Regression with Standard Scaler](Supervised_ML/Multiple_linear_regression_with_standardization.ipynb) | Use Standard scaler to Train model on GPA_SAT dataset | Use Standard Scaler to transform the data into scaled one. |
| [Underfitting and Overfitting](Supervised_ML/OF_UF_explained_with_Polynominal_regression.ipynb) | Demonstrate underfitting and overfitting and methods to rectify. | Use food classification dataset and avoid overfitting with upsampling. Use Weather dataset to and avoid underfitting with polynominal regression. |
| [SVM Classifier](Supervised_ML/Support_Vector_Machine_Algorithms.ipynb) | Use SVM Classifier | Build a SVM to identify each of a large number of black-and-white rectangular pixel display as one of the 26 capital letters in the English alphabet.|
| [Logistic Regression with statsmodels API](Supervised_ML/Logistic_Regression_with_statsmodels_api.ipynb) | Create and train logistic regression model with statsmodels API | Use statsmodels API to build and train a logistic regression model on dummy dataset |
| [Pima Indian Diabetes with Logistic Regression](Supervised_ML/Pima_Indians_diabetes_logistic_regression_&_Naive_bayes_model.ipynb) | Use logistic regression and GaussianNB Classifier to predict whether patient has diabetes or not | Exploratory data analysis and missing value imputation with SimpleImputer and Use logistic regression and GaussianNB Classifier to predict whether patient has diabetes or not. |
| [PCA Logistic Regression](Supervised_ML/PCA_logistic_regression.ipynb) | Use PCA to reduce diamensionality of load_digits (image) dataset and predict correct digit using LogisticRegression | Use PCA and LogisticRegression from sklearn, and compare both accuracy of both models and No of Components |
| [Ensemble Techniques](Supervised_ML/Ensemble_Techniques.ipynb) | abc | abc |

**2. Unsupervised machine learning**

    This section contains Unsupervised machine learning techniques.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Hiearchical Clustering- Customer Spend Data](Unsupervised_ML/Hiearchical_Clustering-Customer_Spend_Data.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |
| [KNN-Breast Cancer](Supervised_ML/KNN-Breast_Cancer.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |
| [K means](Unsupervised_ML/K-Means.ipynb) | analyze the tech support data and do some basic analysis on problem types, time to resolve the problem and channel of suppor that is most suitable | Explore dataset and Classify data into useful classes (UnSupervised Learning) using KMeans |
| [K means-Market Segmentation](Unsupervised_ML/KMeans_Market_Segmentation_Example.ipynb) | Explore dataset and Classify data into useful classes (UnSupervised Learning) using KMeans | Explore dataset and Classify data into useful classes (UnSupervised Learning) using KMeans |

**3. Deep Learning**

    This section contains Deep learning techniques for tabular data.

| File | Problem statement | Description |
| :--- | :--------------- | :--------- |
| [Basic Neural Network](DeepML/Basic_Neural_Network.ipynb) | Problem statement | Description |

**4. Library Tutorials**

    This section tips and tricks of various Libraries.

| File | Description |
| :--- | :--------- |
| [MATPLOTLIB](library_tutorials/matplotlib_&_seaborn/MATPLOTLIB.ipynb) | abc |
| [Seaborn](library_tutorials/matplotlib_&_seaborn/Seaborn_Practice_File.ipynb) | abc |
| [Data Visualization with Pandas](library_tutorials/pandas_demo/DATA_VISUALIZATION_WITH_PANDAS.ipynb) | abc |
| [DateTime Practice with Pandas](library_tutorials/pandas_demo/Datetime_Practice.ipynb) | abc |
| [SCIPY](library_tutorials/scipy_demo/SCIPY.ipynb) | abc |
| [SkLearn](library_tutorials/Scikit_learn_demo) | abc |

**5. Other tools**

    This section contains unsorted machine learning techniques.

| File | Description |
| :--- | :--------- |
| [Hyperparameter tuning & Pipeline with sklearn](Other_tools/Hyperparameter_Tuning_with_Cross-Validation_and_Pipelines.ipynb) | abc |
